# 9 Campion
Kevin P Calisura

Vergil from the hit game/franchise "Devil May Cry"
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GEZON93hV-s?si=GOwBZe4QCS3gOcGq" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/6tUcFEXos6TGhESFlkAyCm?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
<div class="tenor-gif-embed" data-postid="21401933" data-share-method="host" data-aspect-ratio="0.784375" data-width="100%"><a href="https://tenor.com/view/vergil-chair-dmc-yamato-gif-21401933">Vergil Chair GIF</a>from <a href="https://tenor.com/search/vergil-gifs">Vergil GIFs</a></div> <script type="text/javascript" async src="https://tenor.com/embed.js"></script>
Vergil is the older twin brother of Dante and one of the main antagonists of the Devil May Cry franchise. Following the death of their mother as children, Vergil and Dante went their separate ways, with Vergil rejecting his humanity and embracing his demonic heritage, in contrast with his younger brother's embrace of humanity and initial rejection of the demonic. Stoic and reserved, Vergil displays a willingness to do anything in his quest to obtain the power of his father, Sparda.

Suffering defeat in confrontation with Mundus in the secret ending to Devil May Cry 3, he is tortured and transformed into the Black Knight – being encountered in Devil May Cry under the name Nelo Angelo. After numerous conflicts throughout the game, he is finally defeated by Dante.

In Devil May Cry 5, years after his last encounter with Dante as Nelo Angelo, Vergil is now free from Mundus' control, but has become very weakened as a result. As the hooded figure who took back Yamato while ripping the Devil Bringer from his son Nero in the process, Vergil is the true main antagonist of the game after both the newcomer V and Urizen merge back together as himself, with both revealed to be his human and demonic halves.

# Appearance
In terms of physical appearance, Vergil has fair, yet pale skin, and white, swept back hair, which puts emphasis on the fierce, yet stoic expression on his face; however, when his hair is brushed down or becomes wet, his appearance is physically indistinguishable from his younger twin brother, Dante. Just like his brother, he also has the same, blue eyes.

In terms of apparel, Vergil commonly wears a long, silver buttoned blue coat with three separated coattails. A white, serpentine pattern runs around the collar, with a snakes head hanging over the coat's left shoulder, and its tail slinking down the right, all the way to the bottom of the coat. A gold lining runs across the edges of the coat, and a silky, golden flower blossom pattern decorates the inner lining. Each cuff of the coat also possesses five, gold buttoned straps with gold lining; in Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition, the coat also features identical straps on each shoulder, decorated with silver buttons instead of gold. Before facing the demons, Vergil wore a long brown hooded cloak where he conceals his main outfit.

Underneath the coat, Vergil wears a navy blue ascot wrapped around his neck, which hangs over a black, sleeveless vest that reveals his well-toned arms and shoulders. He wears tan, fingerless gloves, a brown, snakeskin belt with a silver buckle, dark green pants with a scale pattern running across its surface, and tall, brown boots with two golden buckled straps at the top.
<div class="tenor-gif-embed" data-postid="14000812" data-share-method="host" data-aspect-ratio="1.00752" data-width="100%"><a href="https://tenor.com/view/dmc5-vergil-devil-may-cry-gif-14000812">Dmc5 Vergil GIF</a>from <a href="https://tenor.com/search/dmc5-gifs">Dmc5 GIFs</a></div> <script type="text/javascript" async src="https://tenor.com/embed.js"></script>
# Backstory
Vergil and his younger twin brother Dante were conceived by the Legendary Dark Knight Sparda and the human Eva, where they resided in a secluded mansion near Red Grave City. Growing up, Vergil would often fight with Dante over various things, and trained alongside his brother with his father.

At some point before Mundus' attack, Vergil would often visit a man due to his keen interest in literature, namely poems. There, he avidly read many works, though developed a particular liking towards William Blake's poems most of all. One day, the man gave Vergil a collection of Blake's poems as a gift, in which Vergil responded by writing his name on the back of the cover. When asked by the man, Vergil told him about his relationship with his brother, and the man understood. Vergil would keep this book throughout his life, even in adulthood. Devil May Cry 5

Sometime before their eighth birthday, Eva gave Dante and Vergil each a half of the Perfect Amulet. Around the same time, Sparda disappeared and later died from unknown circumstances, and Eva and the twins were left vulnerable. At some point after these events, demons - sent by the Prince of the Underworld, Mundus - attacked their home, setting part of it ablaze. Devil May Cry During the attack, Vergil was playing alone at a playground a few yards from the house, where he was most likely ambushed. Eventually, he found himself in a cemetery surrounded by demons. Upon seeing his house burning in the distance, Vergil awakens his inner demon and kills all of the demons with Yamato. Vergil then went on the run believing his mother had abandoned him, a suspicion that would haunt him for the rest of his life. In actuality, Eva was killed while desperately searching for him.
<div class="tenor-gif-embed" data-postid="21435654" data-share-method="host" data-aspect-ratio="1.73913" data-width="100%"><a href="https://tenor.com/view/dmc5-vergil-portal-gif-21435654">Dmc5 Vergil GIF</a>from <a href="https://tenor.com/search/dmc5-gifs">Dmc5 GIFs</a></div> <script type="text/javascript" async src="https://tenor.com/embed.js"></script>
